acpi-support-base	0.109-11	88	scripts for handling base ACPI events such as the power button
 This package contains scripts to react to various base ACPI events
 such as the power button. For more extensive ACPI support, including support
 for suspend-to-RAM and for various laptop features, install the package
 "acpi-support".
acpid	1.0.8-1lenny2	196	Utilities for using ACPI power management
 Modern computers support the Advanced Configuration and Power Interface (ACPI)
 to allow intelligent power management on your system and to query battery and
 configuration status.
 .
 ACPID is a completely flexible, totally extensible daemon for delivering
 ACPI events. It listens on a file (/proc/acpi/event) and when an event
 occurs, executes programs to handle the event. The programs it executes
 are configured through a set of configuration files, which can be
 dropped into place by packages or by the admin.
adduser	3.110	944	add and remove users and groups
 This package includes the 'adduser' and 'deluser' commands for creating
 and removing users.
 .
  - 'adduser' creates new users and groups and adds existing users to
    existing groups;
  - 'deluser' removes users and groups and removes users from a given
    group.
 .
 Adding users with 'adduser' is much easier than adding them manually.
 Adduser will choose appropriate UID and GID values, create a home
 directory, copy skeletal user configuration, and automate setting
 initial values for the user's password, real name and so on.
 .
 Deluser can back up and remove users' home directories
 and mail spool or all the files they own on the system.
 .
 A custom script can be executed after each of the commands.
 .
  Development mailing list:
    http://lists.alioth.debian.org/mailman/listinfo/adduser-devel/
apt	0.7.20.2+lenny2	4652	Advanced front-end for dpkg
 This is Debian's next generation front-end for the dpkg package manager.
 It provides the apt-get utility and APT dselect method that provides a
 simpler, safer way to install and upgrade packages.
 .
 APT features complete installation ordering, multiple source capability
 and several other unique features, see the Users Guide in apt-doc.
apt-utils	0.7.20.2+lenny2	396	APT utility programs
 This package contains some APT utility programs such as apt-ftparchive,
 apt-sortpkgs and apt-extracttemplates.
 .
 apt-extracttemplates is used by debconf to prompt for configuration
 questions before installation. apt-ftparchive is used to create Package
 and other index files. apt-sortpkgs is a Package/Source file normalizer.
aptitude	0.4.11.11-1~lenny1	9808	terminal-based package manager
 aptitude is a terminal-based package manager with a number of useful
 features, including: a mutt-like syntax for matching packages in a
 flexible manner, dselect-like persistence of user actions, the
 ability to retrieve and display the Debian changelog of most
 packages, and a command-line mode similar to that of apt-get.
 .
 aptitude is also Y2K-compliant, non-fattening, naturally cleansing,
 and housebroken.
at	3.1.10.2	220	Delayed job execution and batch processing
 At and batch read shell commands from standard input
 storing them as a job to be scheduled for execution in the
 future.
 .
 Use
  at    to run the job at a specified time
  batch to run the job when system load levels permit
