fusioninventory-agent (1:2.5.1-1) unstable; urgency=low

  FusionInventory agent httpd server now supports plugins.
  Available plugins are:
   - Inventory: authorizes to remotely and securely request an inventory when enabled
   - SSL: use it to enable SSL support for any other plugin, even on default port
   - Proxy: use it to simulate a GLPI+FusionInventory server and push inventories
     toward another target
   - SecondaryProxy: use it to enable a secondary proxy with a different configuration
     like SSL support
   - Test: just a sample plugin
  All agent httpd server plugins are disabled by default and can be enabled using
  any of the associated configuration available in /etc/fusioninventory: to enable
  a plugin, just copy the associated default conf renaming it with .local extension
  in place of .cfg and set "disabled" option to "no". Don't miss any other mandatory
  option.
  Configuration parameters are described in configurations.

  A new script fusioninventory-remoteinventory is also installed and can be used
  to request an inventory from an agent with httpd server Inventory plugin enabled.

 -- Guillaume Bougard <gbougard@teclib.com>  Sat, 13 Apr 2019 14:20:58 +0200

fusioninventory-agent (1:2.4.1-1) unstable; urgency=low

  Nmap is no more used by FusionInventory NetDiscovery task, you can safely
  remove it from your system if you don't need nmap command.

  Collect task has been split into a dedicated package. If you need this
  FusionInventory task, you must install fusioninventory-agent-task-collect
  package.

 -- Guillaume Bougard <gbougard@teclib.com>  Wed, 04 Jul 2018 14:07:26 +0200

fusioninventory-agent (1:2.4-1) unstable; urgency=low

  "include" directive support has been to configuration file. You should
  now create a dedicated .cfg file in the /etc/fusioininventory/conf.d
  folder where you can override needed configuration values, like server,
  tag, etc.

  /etc/default/fusioninventory-agent file has been removed.

  As such, it is no more read in systemd service environment to override
  daemon parameters. If you want to customize the daemon, the best
  way is to use the "systemctl edit" command to create an override unit.

  The daemon renames itself as "fusioniventory-agent (TAG)" in ps view,
  and replacing TAG by the tag configuration parameter value.
  It will also show what task it is actually running and will show most
  of the time "waiting".

  Systemd becomes mandatory to run fusioninventory-agent on debian systems.
  As such, init script has been removed.
  fusioninventory-agent.service is automatically enabled, but service
  won't start unless you still have a valid service configuration.
  You need to at least have a 'server=' or 'local=' parameter with a valid
  value setup in /etc/fusioninventory/agent.cfg before being able to start
  the service.
  As root, you can just start/stop the service with:
    systemctl start fusioninventory-agent.service
    systemctl stop fusioninventory-agent.service

  cron mode has been deprecated.

 -- Guillaume Bougard <gbougard@teclib.com>  Fri, 29 Jun 2018 19:25:12 +0200
