adduser	all	3.112+nmu2	1228	add and remove users and groups
 This package includes the 'adduser' and 'deluser' commands for creating
 and removing users.
 .
  - 'adduser' creates new users and groups and adds existing users to
    existing groups;
  - 'deluser' removes users and groups and removes users from a given
    group.
 .
 Adding users with 'adduser' is much easier than adding them manually.
 Adduser will choose appropriate UID and GID values, create a home
 directory, copy skeletal user configuration, and automate setting
 initial values for the user's password, real name and so on.
 .
 Deluser can back up and remove users' home directories
 and mail spool or all the files they own on the system.
 .
 A custom script can be executed after each of the commands.
 .
  Development mailing list:
    http://lists.alioth.debian.org/mailman/listinfo/adduser-devel/
anthy-common	all	9100h-6	13068	input method for Japanese - common files and dictionary
 Anthy is a Japanese input method working on X11 and Emacs. It converts
 hiragana text to mixed kana and kanji. It is implemented as a library
 and stores private information securely in ~/.anthy/.
 Thus, Anthy is simple and secure (information is protected from
 spoofing and snooping).
 .
 This package provides common files dictonary data for anthy.
apache2	amd64	2.2.16-6+squeeze6	36	Apache HTTP Server metapackage
 The Apache Software Foundation's goal is to build a secure, efficient and
 extensible HTTP server as standards-compliant open source software. The
 result has long been the number one web server on the Internet.
 .
 It features support for HTTPS, virtual hosting, CGI, SSI, IPv6, easy
 scripting and database integration, request/response filtering, many
 flexible authentication schemes, and more.
apache2-mpm-prefork	amd64	2.2.16-6+squeeze6	68	Apache HTTP Server - traditional non-threaded model
 Each Apache Multi-Processing Module provides a different "flavor" of
 web server binary, compiled with a different processing model.
 .
 The prefork MPM provides a non-threaded, pre-forking implementation
 that handles requests in a manner similar to Apache 1.3. It is not as
 fast as threaded models, but is considered to be more stable. It is
 appropriate for sites that need to maintain compatibility with
 non-thread-safe libraries, and is the best MPM for isolating each
 request, so that a problem with a single request will not affect any
 other.
apache2-utils	amd64	2.2.16-6+squeeze6	384	utility programs for webservers
 Provides some add-on programs useful for any webserver.  These include:
  - ab (Apache benchmark tool)
  - logresolve (Resolve IP addresses to hostname in logfiles)
  - htpasswd (Manipulate basic authentication files)
  - htdigest (Manipulate digest authentication files)
  - dbmmanage (Manipulate basic authentication files in DBM format, using perl)
  - htdbm (Manipulate basic authentication files in DBM format, using APR)
  - rotatelogs (Periodically stop writing to a logfile and open a new one)
  - split-logfile (Split a single log including multiple vhosts)
  - checkgid (Checks whether the caller can setgid to the specified group)
  - check_forensic (Extract mod_log_forensic output from Apache log files)
apache2.2-bin	amd64	2.2.16-6+squeeze6	3856	Apache HTTP Server common binary files
 The Apache Software Foundation's goal is to build a secure, efficient and
 extensible HTTP server as standards-compliant open source software. The
 result has long been the number one web server on the Internet.
 .
 This package contains all binaries but no configuration or support scripts.
 To get a stand-alone server, you need to install one of the apache2-mpm-*
 packages, such as worker or prefork. Other packages like gnome-user-share
 may bring their own Apache configuration, though.
apache2.2-common	amd64	2.2.16-6+squeeze6	2144	Apache HTTP Server common files
 The Apache Software Foundation's goal is to build a secure, efficient and
 extensible HTTP server as standards-compliant open source software. The
 result has long been the number one web server on the Internet.
 .
 This package contains the configuration and support scripts.
 However, it does *not* include the server itself; for this you need to
 install one of the apache2-mpm-* packages, such as worker or prefork.
apt	amd64	0.8.10.3+squeeze1	5644	Advanced front-end for dpkg
 This is Debian's next generation front-end for the dpkg package manager.
 It provides the apt-get utility and APT dselect method that provides a
 simpler, safer way to install and upgrade packages.
 .
 APT features complete installation ordering, multiple source capability
 and several other unique features, see the Users Guide in apt-doc.
apt-utils	amd64	0.8.10.3+squeeze1	540	APT utility programs
 This package contains some APT utility programs such as apt-ftparchive,
 apt-sortpkgs and apt-extracttemplates.
 .
 apt-extracttemplates is used by debconf to prompt for configuration
 questions before installation. apt-ftparchive is used to create Package
 and other index files. apt-sortpkgs is a Package/Source file normalizer.
apt-xapian-index	all	0.41	376	maintenance and search tools for a Xapian index of Debian packages
 This package provides update-apt-xapian-index, a tool to maintan a Xapian
 index of Debian package information in /var/lib/apt-xapian-index, and
 axi-search, a command line search tool that uses the index.
 .
 axi-cache allows to search packages very quickly, and it also interfaces with
 the shell command line completion in a smart way, providing context-sensitive
 keyword and tag suggestions even before the search command is actually run.
 .
 update-apt-xapian-index allows plugins to be installed in
 /usr/share/apt-xapian-index to index all sorts of extra information, such as
 Debtags tags, popcon information, package ratings and anything else that would
 fit.
 .
 The index generated by update-apt-xapian-index is self-documenting, as it
 contains an autogenerated README file with information on the index layout and
 all the data that can be found in it.
aptitude	amd64	0.6.3-3.2+squeeze1	11916	terminal-based package manager (terminal interface only)
 aptitude is a package manager with a number of useful features,
 including: a mutt-like syntax for matching packages in a flexible
 manner, dselect-like persistence of user actions, the ability to
 retrieve and display the Debian changelog of most packages, and a
 command-line mode similar to that of apt-get.
 .
 aptitude is also Y2K-compliant, non-fattening, naturally cleansing,
 and housebroken.
 .
 This package contains a version of aptitude compiled with only the
 classic terminal-based interface (using curses).  For an experimental
 graphical interface, see the package aptitude-gtk.
aspell	amd64	0.60.6-4	1184	GNU Aspell spell-checker
 GNU Aspell is a spell-checker which can be used either as a standalone
 application or embedded in other programs.  Its main feature is that it
 does a much better job of suggesting possible spellings than just about
 any other spell-checker available for the English language, including
 Ispell and Microsoft Word.  It also has many other technical
 enhancements over Ispell such as using shared memory for dictionaries
 and intelligently handling personal dictionaries when more than one
 Aspell process is open at once.
 .
 Aspell is designed to be a drop-in replacement for Ispell.
aspell-en	all	6.0-0-6	548	English dictionary for GNU Aspell
 This package contains all the required files to add support for English
 language to the GNU Aspell spell checker.
 .
 American, British and Canadian spellings are included.
aspell-fr	all	0.50-3-7	636	French dictionary for aspell
 This package contains all the required files to add support
 for French language to aspell spell checker.
at	amd64	3.1.12-1	220	Delayed job execution and batch processing
 At and batch read shell commands from standard input
 storing them as a job to be scheduled for execution in the
 future.
 .
 Use
  at    to run the job at a specified time
  batch to run the job when system load levels permit
